Add Spotify login and suppress the build error message (#75)
balena-io-projects/balena-sound: README.md

balenaSound has configurable scripts you can run on connect and disconnect bluetooth events. If you would like to activate this, set the  `BLUETOOTH_SCRIPTS` environment variable to `true`.
Sample scripts can be found on the `./bluetooth-audio/bluetooh-scripts/` directory, theses can be edited as needed.

### Spotify login (optional)

By default, balenaSound Spotify Connect won´t login to your Spotify account.
To make your device visible on Spotify Connect across the Internet can you add your

> username/e-mail and password, which can be set with this two enviroment variables: `SPOTIFY_LOGIN` and `SPOTIFY_PASSWORD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
username/e-mail and password, which can be set with these two environment variables: `SPOTIFY_LOGIN` and `SPOTIFY_PASSWORD`
```
